[asl] Handle arrays with enumerated indices (#1115)
herd/herdtools7: asllib/doc/Expressions.tex

\end{mathpar}
\CodeSubsection{\EvalEGetArrayBegin}{\EvalEGetArrayEnd}{../Interpreter.ml}

\subsubsection{SemanticsRule.EGetEnumArray\label{sec:SemanticsRule.EGetEnumArray}}
\subsubsection{Example}
In the specification:
\ASLExample{\semanticstests/SemanticsRule.EGetEnumArray.asl}
the enumeration-typed array \texttt{Arr} is accessed for reading and writing
with indices taken from the enumeration type \texttt{Enum}.

\subsubsection{Prose}
All of the following apply:
\begin{itemize}
  \item $\ve$ denotes an array access expression, $\EGetArray(\earray, \eindex)$;
  \item the evaluation of $\earray$ in $\env$ is $\Normal(\marray, \envone)$\ProseOrAbnormal;
  \item the evaluation of $\eindex$ in $\env$ is  $\Normal(\mindex, \newenv)$\ProseOrAbnormal

>   \item $\marray$ consists of the native vector $\varray$ and execution graph $\vgone$;
>   \item $\mindex$ consists of the native integer $\vindex$ and execution graph $\vgtwo$;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item $\marray$ consists of the native value $\varray$ and execution graph $\vgone$;
  \item $\mindex$ consists of the native value $\vindex$ and execution graph $\vgtwo$;
```

\end{mathpar}
\CodeSubsection{\EvalEArrayBegin}{\EvalEArrayEnd}{../Typing.ml}

\subsubsection{SemanticsRule.EEnumArray}
\subsubsection{Prose}
All of the following apply:
\begin{itemize}
  \item $\ve$ is an array construction expression for an enumerated-index array with
        list of labels $\vlabels$ and value expression $\evalue$,
        that is, \\
        $\EEnumArray\{\EArrayLabels: \vlabels, \EArrayValue: \evalue\}$;
  \item evaluating the expression $\evalue$ in $\env$ yields $\Normal((\vvalue, \vg), \newenv)$\ProseOrAbnormal;
  \item \Proseeqdef{$\vv$}{the native record mapping each label $\vl\in\vlabels$ to $\vvalue$};

>   \item define $\vg$ as the parallel composition of $\vgone$ and $\vgtwo$.

Reviewer: Delete this line?
